Okay.
What should I talk about?
I have oldest
old animation, okay, bye.
Okay.
Anime that I know?
Well, in Netflix, right, they have...
They've been showing every Friday this um...
What is that? Dragon Z?
The newer one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So
I like Dragon Z but i only know like an old old dragon.
Dragon dragon ball.
Yeah, so i don't know the new one like i only know when
Vegeta came out like that.
it's like maybe early 2000 maybe that's us that's how we look
how uh newest that i know other one.
I know a lot of animation, but it's kind of...
Not going with like a trend, you know what I mean? So
Well, I like the one piece.
Yeah, one piece is good, but I only know
Beat them pieces. On one piece. Do you like? Oh, okay. Okay.
Uh but did you know?
I was kind of watching this on YouTube the other day about one piece.
They have a lot of Bible.
They use a lot of Bible chapters or wording.
words in one piece. Yeah.
Yeah, so like
Uh some of the... What were they saying?
but some of the um like name of the ships or name of the characters are came out of
the Bible. Yeah. So, because it resembles.
The the the uh words of from the Bible.
but i forgot what they were well even even luffy
is coming from, they think it came out of the Bible too.
Yeah yeah yeah so it was kind of interesting.
Yeah.
No, no, no. It was... they were kind of...
See, this is a YouTube channel. These two guys are just talking with one another.
and two, two of them are pastors, alright. And they love animation.
right and then it's funny these two guys are kind of interesting because
One both are doing YouTube church or zoom church
and they don't really have a building
you know so one guy is actually he called himself
the church that he called is visiting church
So anybody who wants to meet him?
He will, he will go anywhere in Japan.
yeah and every year he meets over
a few hundred people throughout the year.
oh yeah all over for free.
So any, anybody who says  um wanted to meet, and they they live in Tokyo area.
but if they want to come to the Fukuoka or Kyushu area
He goes and meet with that one person. To meet one person he goes out there.
and so he's been doing this for several years
And uh, yeah yeah, and he meets a lot of people.
He was telling uh talking about...
He meets people that he just think want to be a believer, right?
and they they have no church background they don't know anything about the bible but
through this YouTube thing?
got interested and they wanted to know
And they just want to believe what they you know Jesus was doing and
Oh yeah?
Oh, I think I've probably seen some of those videos in the past.
They are huh? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but he they do this guy has a good
And he does the Sunday service on a, on Zoom
too. uh or You yeah zoom. And then people kind of jump in.
and then so everybody whoever want to be involved
joins that church from wherever they're at. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. so but this guy
don't really tell them to go to like a local church or anything
They say that, OK, you just want to be where you want to be.
That's fine, and they don't this guy don't really say that you have to go to church church
kind of thing but it's, so it's kind of different
What do you call way of doing things.
but and these other guys too this other guy is
Their. He's stationed in Nagano.
And he and he called his church name
The cloud church.
Clouds, yeah, like you know
Do you save anything in the cloud nowadays, so
it's an internet church so this guy he's
he calls himself this internet team a group of people who meet
or the church so they don't they
usually do not meet physically in person.
So, it's just this church in in online, online church basically.
I don't... His... He said, he said that his church
is basically more or less um...
They don't need a building, so they don't need the rent. The only thing they need...
is the money they pay for the Zoom.
That's it as far as the church cost. He doesn't take salary. He, he has his
You know, yeah, they they uh
day job he does yeah he's worked as like a city
uh He worked for the city in Nagano.
Yeah, But on the side, he does this all these videos.
And...